DEVELOPER'S GUIDE FOR USING JIRA
--------------------------------

This document describes the basic usage of JIRA, the issue tracking software we use.

WHAT IS JIRA AND WHAT IS IT GOOD FOR?
-------------------------------------

JIRA is a bug and issue management application by Atlassian (http://www.atlassian.com/software/jira/).  We use it for
the TeRK project to track all software bugs, issues, and new feature requests.  The TeRK JIRA is located at:

   http://www.terk.ri.cmu.edu:8090

Guest browsing is allowed, but you need to have a login in order to create new issues.  Developers need developer
access in order to work issues.  If you need developer access, please contact Chris Bartley (bartley@cmu.edu).

BASIC JIRA USAGE
----------------

When issues are created, they're in the "Open" state and assigned to a user.  Initial issue assignment can be controlled
by some users when the issue is created, but for others it is just assigned to the default assignee.  Developers can
also change issue assignment after the issue has been created.

To start working on an Open issue, first make sure it's assigned to you.  If necessary, you can assign it to yourself
using the Assign operation under the "Operations" section on the left side of the screen when viewing the issue.

Now that the issue is assigned to you, choose "Start Progress" (you'll find it on the left side of the issue page, under
the Available Workflow Actions section).  This just flags the issue as being worked on by you, and helps others know not
to work on it.  JIRA lists all issues that you have in progress on the home page when you log in.  I find this helpful
to remember my current task list.  Now that you've marked the issue as in progress, you can start coding up the fix!

When you're done coding, have tested it thoroughly, and are writing the SVN commit comment to check in your changes, you
can (and should) add the JIRA issue key into your comment to have JIRA automatically attach a report of the files that
changed in SVN to the issue.  The JIRA issue key is listed at the top-left of the issue page (e.g. QWERKSOFTWARE-1,
TELEOPCLIENT-2, or TERKWEBSITE-22).  So, your SVN commit comment might read something like this:

   "Increased video buffer size to 20K (fixes QWERKSOFTWARE-3)."

Once the code is checked in, you can go back to the JIRA and mark the issue as Resolved.  When filling out the
resolution form in the JIRA, you'll notice a field called "Resolved In Build" for recording in which build the issue was
resolved.  We have three different build numbers, one for each of the three major portions of the TeRK software, so the
number to put in there depends on which part of the TeRK software you were working on:

   * The Qwerk firmware build number is tracked in the build.number.txt file at the root of the embed module.
   * The TeRK web site build number is tracked in the build.number.txt file at the root of the TeRKWebSite module.
   * The build number for all other TeRK code (clients, relay, etc.) is tracked in the build.number.txt file at the root
     of the TeRKBuild module.

So, first determine which build.number.txt file applies to the issue you just resolved, then look in the file and make
a note of the number (but don't change it!).  The number you enter into the JIRA resolution form is simply the next
number in the series.  For example, if you fixed a firmware issue and the embed module's build.number.txt file has a 2
in it, then you'd enter a 3 into the JIRA resolution form's "Resolved In Build" field.  Finish filling out the form
(don't worry about being too detailed in the Comment field--it's only for important details that should be noted or will
be of use to others), and submit it to finish marking the issue as Resolved.

Issues don't get marked as Closed until after a new build is deployed and the issue is retested.  So, at this point, you
can just forget about the issue and just wait until a new build is deployed (typically done by Chris). After deployment,
you should retest all your Resolved issues and, if they pass the tests, then mark them as Closed.  JIRA helpfully
provides a list of all your issues that are Resolved but not yet Closed.  You can see the list by clicking on the "My
Resolved (But Not Closed) Issues" on the right side of the home page (you must be logged in).